Tweaks for CWS CUJ "I want to publish my item programmatically" (#1860)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/webstore/api_index/index.md

#description: TODO
---

{% Aside 'warning' %}

The Licensing API used by the Chrome Web Store payments system is now deprecated. See [Payment

> deprecation](/docs/webstore/cws-payments-deprecation/) to learn how to migrate and official timelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
deprecation](/docs/webstore/cws-payments-deprecation/) to learn about migration and official timelines.
```

Reviewer: The two things on either side of the 'and' should be the same part of speech.
